# End of Time Simulator

This is an Unreal Engine End of Time Simulator based on the Science of Johannes Kepler, Sir Issac Newton, and Nikola Tesla, using the Physics Engine of Unreal Engine.

This simulator will only alter the direction of gravity when the North Magnetic Pole gets to the Equator in 2061, on the day Sir Issac Newton calculated it according to the Torah written in the third century. It is the version of the Torah the Church admitted it removed all Pagan Beliefs from, so it is a well-known version of the Torah. The one written in the fourth century has Jesus Christ inserted as a person, to make Jesus Bar Abbas out to be the bad man, for defeating the Roman Empire for their use of Money and Taxation. When these notes of Newton became part of the Public Domain, Religious people decided not to teach Kepler, Newton, or Tesla, and instead teach Einstein theories no one has proven in over a century, proving it is not the truth, yet people believe that a Theory is a way of explaining a fact, making a fact a theory that no one can prove; therefore, I cannot include any theories. It is a fact that God is all Light without Darkness, and Einstein removed God from his Alternate Universe in an Alternate Reality, which means not ours, and it does not mean these are Alternatives, rather different, or another version. Around 1942, Einstein denounced his theories, and the newspapers reported he found Religion because he said Newton’s God was Gravity and not Centrifugal Forces. 

A simulator must be based on facts, and the facts are that the Unreal Engines Physics simulation is based on the Math of Kepler, Newton, and Tesla, but not Einstein. This means that I am not including Einstein's Physics in this Simulation, because I am not going to alter the way the physics simulation works; I am only going to use known physics that everyone can agree on, and in this case, it comes down to whose math you use. 

This is only based on facts, and this project does not allow theory. There must be proof that these events will play out according to the Torah, or any Bible based on it, and in science.

Einstein removed the Constant for Light in his theory E = MC<sup>2</sup> by removing God, who is all Light without Darkness, Newton said E = MA<sup>2</sup>, derived from F = MA. 

The logic for the Simulator is based on a list of facts.

1. God is all Light without Darkness we know exists inside the Atom; therefore, God is a spectrum of Light we call Cosmic Rays. Torah or Bible.
2. Atoms are made of Light without Darkness inside a shell of Neutrinos, split one for proof. [Trinary Science](https://github.com/Light-Wizzard/The-Principles-Of-The-Trinary-Universe/blob/master/misc/the.principles.of.the.trinary.universe.pdf).
3. Light has no acceleration, therefore it is Static, so you cannot use Einstein's theories which made it Dynamic, and he removed God or Atoms. Tesla.
4. God is the Force of Gravity in all of Newton's Math equations, as proof F = MA, where F is the Force of Gravity, and “M” is the Mass of Atoms that are made of Neutrinos with the Light of God inside them, times the Acceleration of the M, which is made of Neutrions, such that the Speed of Light, is the speed of the Dynamic Universe because Light is Static.
5. The Sun is made of Atoms called Mass. The Mass has a Gravitational Constant of 6.66 x 10<sup>−11</sup> N x m<sup>2</sup> / kg<sup>2</sup>. Newton.
6. Our Planet Earth orbits around the Sun at an average rate of 66,666.666 miles per hour based on the Gravitational Constant of 6.66.
7. The End of Time began in 2012 when our North Magnetic Pole started to head south to the Equator.
8. Newton was born on 25 December 1642 under the Julian Calendar; only the Military uses. The Gregorian Calendar changed it to 4 January 1643 and then they removed 10 days, making it the 14 January, my birthday in 1961; I am medically retired from the U.S. Air Force, and the reason I know this.
9. Our North Magnetic Pole will reach the Equator on 14 January 2061. NASA said our Magnetic strength is decaying at a constant rate of around 5% per century; this is why the Calendar was reset 20 centuries ago, and 20 centuries at 5% means that the strength will reach 0 today. Kepler, Newton, and NASA.
10. When the North Magnetic pole crosses the Equator, the South pole will reverse heading to the Artic Circle, or 66° 34' what we now call North.
11. When the Magnetic strength hits 0 as it crosses the Equator, or 0°, the Magnetosphere will collapse, venting our Atmosphere into space for 6.66 minutes. [Flesh](https://lightwizzard.com/books/trinary.universe/references.html#reference_jeffrey_scott_flesher).
12. The [Pole Reversal Math] (https://github.com/AM-Tower/End-Time-Simulator/wiki/Pole-Reversal-Math) is the average size of the Sun or 7,926.2109 × [(<sup>1</sup>/<sub>137</sub>)/9] = 6.42 ~= 6.66 Minutes.
13. The number 666 from the Torah, Bible, or Newton's Math, is [how far we are from the Galaxy](https://github.com/Light-Wizzard/Galaxy-Calculator-2).
14. From the time the Magnetic strength begins to weaken, the Magnetosphere takes <sup>1</sup>/<sub>137</sub> the size of the Sun’s diameter, or 864,575.9 miles in diameter on average; multiplied by <sup>1</sup>/<sub>137</sub> and divide that by the Sun's 3 valance rings to get around 2103 years. We take the hex of 66, which is 42, and minus that, from 2103 to get 2061 years; this is from the Torah, but the Science behind the math is real; I call this Trinary Science, but most know it as Newtonian Science. The math is simple, 864,575.9 × [(<sup>1</sup>/<sub>137</sub>/<sub>3</sub>] = 2103.6 - 42  =  2061.6 Years. The calendar was changed to make this math work out to 14 January 2061, the date Sirius aligns with the Great Pyramid, and Earth is the closest to the Sun, so it has more power.
